MARKETING’S ROLE IN SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
More popularly known as logistics, the supply chain management (SCM) sector is a $22 trillion global industry that touches the lives of billions of people. It includes products from agriculture, healthcare, manufacturing, and retail. The global economy depends on efficient and integrated supply chains transporting goods and raw materials worldwide. Where does marketing come in to this? 

Supply chain management is the term used to describe the management of a business’s interactions with its suppliers, customers, and other stakeholders. SCM ensures all transactions are conducted in a way that optimises costs and increases revenue.

Proper supply chain management plays a critical role in the success of any business. It deals with the planning, implementing, and controlling the flow of goods from the source to the consumer. Supply chains adopting technologies, AI insights, and efficient management help steer their organisations to success. 

SCM involves all aspects of providing services and information from their point of origin to their final destination. It manages a business’s internal processes to optimise the flow of products and services to customers. The main purpose of supply chain management is to ensure that goods reach their destination safely and on time, while helping businesses reduce costs and improve efficiency.

It is an essential tool a company uses to keep its products in demand, minimise costs, and maximise efficiency. Often SCM is a complex process which requires coordination between different departments like marketing to ensure that all operations run smoothly. Thus, for supply chain management to be effective, the firm must have an integrated B2B marketing approach aided by an experienced B2B marketing agency. This article will examine how B2B marketing can help your supply chain management efforts.

A B2B MARKETING AGENCY CAN HELP ATTRACT NEW CLIENTS
Marketing helps companies attract new clients by creating awareness of their product or service through advertising, promotions, and public relations efforts. Marketing helps a company retain existing customers by providing them with more value than expected.


REFERED WEBSITE:

https://www.predictiveanalyticstoday.com/supply-chain-pain-points-today/




THE MAIN PAIN POINTS OF OUR IDEA IS

It’s no secret that consumers are becoming increasingly frustrated by the ongoing supply chain issues. As a result, many marketers are rethinking their digital marketing strategy and slashing advertising spend. But there’s an inherent danger to cutting ad spend during a crisis. Despite the current supply chain disruptions, here’s why brands should avoid cutting back on right now.

A recent Oracle study found that 92% of consumers believe more disruptions are coming, 66% are scared that they will never end, while 80% say delays and shortages could cause them to cut ties with favorite brands. As a result, many marketers are slashing their advertising spending for fear of being unable to fulfill the promise of an advertising message. However, there is an inherent danger in reducing your spend, for as one industry leader put it, “Pulling media spend will only result in share and awareness erosion.”

This is all on top of the fact that many brands severely cut back on their ad spending during the height of the pandemic. Case in point, Coca-Cola. During a Q2 Earnings Call in July 2020, CEO James Quincey asked aloud, presumably rhetorically, “Why would I want to spend money in a period if I can’t get the return, particularly if there’s a strong lockdown?” adding that they (Coca-Cola) believed “no marketing is going to make much difference in the second quarter, so we pulled back heavily.”

On the flip side, there were brands like P&G and PepsiCo, that increased the amount they were spending on advertising and marketing. By the end of 2020, P&G and PepsiCo saw an increase in net revenue of 4% and 5%, respectively, compared to Coca-Cola, which saw a reduction in net revenues of 11% for 2020.

Start with the why 
The obvious two questions to ask are: why and how?

Why should brands not only NOT cut ad spending but increase it, and exactly how is the best way to go about this?

To quote Simon Sinek, let’s start with the why — why keep advertising and even increase the amount a brand spends on advertising?

The first reason goes back to the decision by Google to block third-party cookies from its Chrome browser. While Google delayed the move from 2022 to late 2023, the fact remains they will, at some point, take this action, thereby significantly impacting advertisers’ ability to reach new consumers in the same way they have before.

So, smart digital marketers will take full advantage of the time left before Google “flips the switch” and increase the amount of first-party data they capture, with a clear value exchange for the consumer. But even before the eventual Google third-party cookie deprecation, brands need to create more explicit value exchanges with their audiences to survive and thrive in today’s world.

Consumer expectations are at an all-time high and will only increase. They expect brands to ‘know’ them; to know their likes, dislikes, preferences and so on. The best way to truly ‘know’ your customer is to capture first-party data. And one way to do this is by, you guessed it, reaching more prospective customers through advertising and offering them something of value to create that relationship.

An example of this is Heinz. This past Halloween, the brand turned its signature product, Ketchup, into a relationship-building, data-generating tool when it packaged it under the guise of fake blood. They created an ecommerce microsite where they offered consumers the chance to buy merchandise such as Tomato Blood costume kits, masks, and other outfits appropriately themed around Halloween, such as mummies and pirates.


REFERRED WEBSITE:


https://blogs.oracle.com/marketingcloud/post/despite-supply-chain-issues-your-digital-marketing-strategy-should-include-advertising


AND THE COMPLETE AND OVERRALL THING IS TO SATISFY THE USER WITH GOOD PERFORMANCE AND GOOD VISIBILITY.IN ORDER TO OVERCOME IT WE USE CLASSIFICATION HERE SO THAT THE ADVERTISER WILL PROVIDE THE GOOD THINGS OR PROMOTE ADS BASED UPON THE USER REQUIREMENT.


